Common: AM32 gets setup video from VimDrones (#6419)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-am32-escs.rst

ESC Configuration
=================

> The AM32 ESCs can be setup using the :ref:`DroneCAN GUI Tool <common-uavcan-gui>` or alternatively the `AM32 configurator <https://am32.ca/configurator>`__ can be used but this requires connecting using the ESCs PWM connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AM32 ESCs can be setup using the :ref:`DroneCAN GUI Tool <common-uavcan-gui>` with the ESC connected to the autopilot, or alternatively, the `AM32 configurator <https://am32.ca/configurator>`__ can be used directly connecting to the ESC's PWM connection
```

Author: yeah, good improvement, thanks!
